Active Directory Basics

This room will introduce the basic concepts and functionality provided by Active Directory.

Task 1  Introduction

No answer needed

Task 2  Windows Domains
In a Windows domain, credentials are stored in a centralized repository called...

Active Directory

The server in charge of running the Active Directory services is called...

Domain Controller

Task 3  Active Directory
Which group normally administrates all computers and resources in a domain?

Domain Admins

What would be the name of the machine account associated with a machine named TOM-PC?

TOM-PC$

Suppose our company creates a new department for Quality Assurance. What type of containers should we use to group all Quality Assurance users so that policies can be applied consistently to them?

Organizational Units

Task 4  Managing Users in AD
What was the flag found on Sophie's desktop?

THM{thanks_for_contacting_support}

The process of granting privileges to a user over some OU or other AD Object is called...

delegation

Task 5  Managing Computers in AD
After organising the available computers, how many ended up in the Workstations OU?

7

Is it recommended to create separate OUs for Servers and Workstations? (yay/nay)

yay

Task 6  Group Policies
What is the network share name used to distribute GPOs to domain machines?

sysvol

Can a GPO be used to apply settings to users and computers? (yay/nay)

yay

Task 7  Authentication Methods
Will a current version of Windows use NetNTLM as the preferred authentication protocol by default? (yay/nay)

nay

When referring to Kerberos, what type of ticket allows us to request further tickets known as TGS?

Ticket Granting Ticket

When using NetNTLM, is a user's password transmitted over the network at any point? (yay/nay)

nay

Task 8  Trees, Forests and Trusts


What is a group of Windows domains that share the same namespace called?

Tree

What should be configured between two domains for a user in Domain A to access a resource in Domain B?

A Trust Relationship

Task 9  Conclusion

Click and continue learning!

No answer needed
